OPEN BUGS

B19: output "other" generates an error when correlation_classifier is used.

B18: At some positions, the code is optimized for .img and .hdr, but it 
cannot deal with .nii. Not clear what this does with results. Get the file 
extension online, store in cfg and use in decoding_write_results

B16: All methods that use current_data in decoding_transform_results 
assume that
(a) all used data is the same in all decoding iterations AND
(b) the data is not changed through processes such as feature_selection!
The latter problem can be solved easily if we assume that all data is used.
Then we just need to add current_data_used and combine data_train and 
data_test together. However, since this can vary, the only reasonable 
solution seems to be to pass data for all steps separately and to pass 
all indices for all steps, too, and put things together in the method that
transforms the results OR to carry out transformation already at an earlier 
step (which is not an option because of speed and many modifications)

B5: Using the CORRELATION CLASSIFIER (MVPA) with more than two trials per 
run generates an error. Need to correct the last line of MVPA and true 
labels or better make it possible to test MVPA trialwise, i.e. with more 
than one trial per run  (the correlation will be calculated with all left 
out trials, possibly  putting half in one and the other half in the other 
condition. 
Question: Then again what happens with unbalanced test data (which is 
valid).

B7: When disconnected data are used with the online plotting function, 
they are not plotted correctly

B8: In the online plotting function, no brain is shown when ROI is used 
rather than searchlight

B10: Combination of scaling and parameter selection doesn't work, 
see run_nest in decoding_parameter_selection

B12: make_design_boot_cv.m does not work for one chunk only. Need to check 
if it can be adapted or if a new function is needed.

B15: When data is scaled on the fly (e.g. for 'across'), this is not 
used in decoding_generate_output and thus may yield wrong results for 
methods that use data there

B17: Online plotting doesn't work for passed data on simulated data when 
not all voxels are used.